hello youtubers today I'm going to show
you how to put a link a URL a website in
your rocket dock and this could be any
website I'm going to show you how to do
social media Facebook YouTube things
like that and you can see that I've
already put a facebook link up here and
this is not like other programs or you
can just drop drag them up here you have
to do a little bit extra to to put a
link in your rocket dock so what you're
going to do is you're going to
right-click on the rocket dock and
choose add item and then blank icon and
you're going to get this question mark
icon up here and you're going to right
click on that and go to icon settings
now i'm going to put one up there for
youtube and i have a folder under sea
called icons where i've downloaded icons
I like icon archives com and i'll have a
link in the description to that website
i went to youtube one and i have several
youtube one's here to choose from so i'm
going to take a look and that is kind of
fuzzy that's the preview i'm going to go
until I find one that looks kind of
clean and it can like a circle that's
way fuzzy and just going to keep going
and I'm pretty sure the one I want is at
the very bottom right there that looks
pretty good so in the name I'm going to
tie youtube and in the target now this
is important you have to put HTTP colon
slash slash you have to have that WWE
youtube com / writer Bryn because that
is my channel and so now i'm going to
click ok and there's my youtube icon
click on that and it will open up
YouTube in my default browser right
there youtube com / rider bread pretty
simple to do if you have any questions
be sure and leave them subscribe if you
enjoy my videos